Module 6 - Jupyter Notebooks/Additional Resources.md, before:

# **Module 6: Jupyter Notebooks and Sharing Code**
------ -- -- - - ------ -- --- - - ------- --- - - -- - -- - -- - 
Module 6 - Jupyter notebooks
Use existing and create new Jupyter Notebooks with Python to explain and share code with other scientists that enables advanced seismogram processing including removing an instrument response, calculating a spectrogram, and estimating temporal changes in cultural noise.

## **Optional Supplemental Resources:**
- [**August 22, 2022 Webinar Recording - Passcode: 9TRe9+H%**](https://zoom.us/rec/share/FU9ndN78Xylaxix9KnC3oTuPdQS-_WudsgMSwg5RmJO2gTfJGYwZ5-AHpdb6ViK0.WuNL4grhx3xtwGDz)
- [Webinar Slides - August 22, 2022](Res_files/Module6_Week1.pptx)
- [**Special Webinar 8/24/22 - Grad School in Seismology/Geophysic  Passcode: mQ2M??4T**](https://zoom.us/rec/share/l5_IRCjKWrOUJTqaMAfhkR-qGlKa9qsBh9Jahn2fGgvlAXNpmDD1hKpXMJ5xau0d.wmosCKK05MzZYFk3)
- [**Grad School Webinar Slides - August 24, 2022**](Res_files/SSBW_GradSchool_2022.pptx)
## -Optional Supplemental Learning Resources
 [A short article on why Jupyter notebooks have grown in science](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-07196-1)
 [Seismo-Live: A collection of seismology related Jupyter notebooks](https://seismo-live.github.io/)
 [A journal article introducing the Seismo-Live Jupyter notebook hub](Res_files/seismo-live.jupyter.Krischer.SRL.18.pdf)
 [A Jupyter Notebook Crash Course in Python from Tutorial 1](https://krischer.github.io/seismo_live_build/html/Python%20Introduction/Python_Crash_Course_wrapper.html)
 [A journal article on lessons learned from the L'Aquila earthquake](Res_files/LAquila.Lessons.Jordan.SRL.13.pdf)
 [A journal article on iceberg quakes in Antarctica](Res_files/icequakes.Antarctica.Martin.JGR.10.pdf)
 [A GitHub page with a collection of general interest Jupyter notebooks](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/A-gallery-of-interesting-Jupyter-Notebooks)

 ## Week 2 - Jupyter Notebooks

Commit message:

Module 06 Week 2 Additional Resources Added

Module 6 - Jupyter Notebooks/Additional Resources.md, after:

# **Module 6: Jupyter Notebooks and Sharing Code**
------ -- -- - - ------ -- --- - - ------- --- - - -- - -- - -- - 
Module 6 - Jupyter notebooks
Use existing and create new Jupyter Notebooks with Python to explain and share code with other scientists that enables advanced seismogram processing including removing an instrument response, calculating a spectrogram, and estimating temporal changes in cultural noise.

## **Optional Supplemental Resources:**
- [**August 22, 2022 Webinar Recording - Passcode: 9TRe9+H%**](https://zoom.us/rec/share/FU9ndN78Xylaxix9KnC3oTuPdQS-_WudsgMSwg5RmJO2gTfJGYwZ5-AHpdb6ViK0.WuNL4grhx3xtwGDz)
- [Webinar Slides - August 22, 2022](Res_files/Module6_Week1.pptx)
- [**Special Webinar 8/24/22 - Grad School in Seismology/Geophysic  Passcode: mQ2M??4T**](https://zoom.us/rec/share/l5_IRCjKWrOUJTqaMAfhkR-qGlKa9qsBh9Jahn2fGgvlAXNpmDD1hKpXMJ5xau0d.wmosCKK05MzZYFk3)
- [**Grad School Webinar Slides - August 24, 2022**](Res_files/SSBW_GradSchool_2022.pptx)
## -Optional Supplemental Learning Resources
 [A short article on why Jupyter notebooks have grown in science](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-07196-1)
 [Seismo-Live: A collection of seismology related Jupyter notebooks](https://seismo-live.github.io/)
 [A journal article introducing the Seismo-Live Jupyter notebook hub](Res_files/seismo-live.jupyter.Krischer.SRL.18.pdf)
 [A Jupyter Notebook Crash Course in Python from Tutorial 1](https://krischer.github.io/seismo_live_build/html/Python%20Introduction/Python_Crash_Course_wrapper.html)
 [A journal article on lessons learned from the L'Aquila earthquake](Res_files/LAquila.Lessons.Jordan.SRL.13.pdf)
 [A journal article on iceberg quakes in Antarctica](Res_files/icequakes.Antarctica.Martin.JGR.10.pdf)
 [A GitHub page with a collection of general interest Jupyter notebooks](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/A-gallery-of-interesting-Jupyter-Notebooks)

## Week 2 - Jupyter Notebooks
- [**August 29, 2022 Webinar Recording - Passcode: Ge7=ju5@**](https://zoom.us/rec/share/uwx-iSShy22sMzWwqFedSba9mzq5EdTLnWOaQmP2rzZDCsZHccb3-D37Ydc_J_qo.VJsa3Q-pBQk2mhSj)
- [**Webinar Slides - August 29, 2022**](Res_files/Module6_Week2.pptx)

## **Optional Supplemental Learning Resources**
- [A short article introducing GitHub and software version control](https://kinsta.com/knowledgebase/what-is-github/)
- [The section on Earthquake Magnitude from Shearer's textbook](Res_files/Earthquake.Magnitude.Shearer.2009.pdf)
- [The collaborative Science article on reduced seismic noise during COVID19](Res_files/COVID19.noise.Lecocq.Science.20.pdf)
- [A chapter on removing the response from a book on seismometer instrumentation](Res_files/RemoveResponse.InstrumentationInEarthquakeSeis.2016.pdf)
- [A chapter on seismic noise from a book on seismometer instrumentation](Res_files/Noise.InstrumentationInEarthquakeSeis.2016.pdf)
- [A journal article on types of noise during mining](Res_files/noise.mining.Olivier.Geophy.15.pdf)
